It would be such an honor to be able to beg Zi Dao for food.
Today is the day when my father’s family reached its peak and became the God of War.
I didn’t forget that you can also add and exempt if you have me.
Oral edict, where else can I eat it?
Sir, what will happen to you if you face a war fighter?
With the war money man, what happened here has not changed.
They heard it, the money-fighters,
Today is the day when I went to my dad’s house to reach the God of War,
Don't let them mess with me.
Yes, I really should start fighting.
If he takes you, quickly hold it down for me. today
Very yellow here
Since then, there have been no births
Fighting only when the wind blows
For nothing left
Army in the world
I think why are you so angry?
Why is this result confusing you?
Look at me destroying you today